
### 1. Probability Review   

**Independent Events**  
Events like coin flips are known as independent events; this means that the probability of a single flip does not affect the probability of another flip; P(H) will be 0.5 for each fair coin flip. When flipping a coin multiple times, each flip is an independent event because one flip does not affect the probability that another flip will land heads up or tails up.

**Dependent Events**  
When two events are said to be dependent, the probability of one event occurring influences the likelihood of the other event. For example, say you are more likely to go outside if it's sunny weather. If the probability of sunny weather is low on a given day, the probability of you going outside will decrease as well, so the probability of going outside is dependent on the probability of sunny weather.

**Joint Probability**  
The probability that two or more independent events will occur together (in the same time frame) is called a joint probability, and it is calculated by multiplying the probabilities of each independent event together. For example, the probability that you will flip a coin and it will lands heads up two times in a row can be calculated as follows:

The probability of a coin flipping heads up, P(H) = 0.5   
The joint probability of two events (a coin landing heads up) happening in a row,    
is the probability of the first event times the probability of the second event:    
P(H)*P(H) = (0.5)*(0.5) = 0.25  

### 2. Uncertainty and Bayes' Rule   
https://youtu.be/zuFMhmKQ--o    

**Sensors**   
Then we gather data from the car's sensors. Self-driving cars mainly use three types of sensors to observe the world:   
* Camera, which records video,  
* Lidar, which is a light-based sensor, and  
* Radar, which uses radio waves.  
All of these sensors detect surrounding objects and scenery.  

Autonomous cars also have lots of internal sensors that measure things like the speed and direction of the car's movement, the orientation of its wheels, and even the internal temperature of the car!

**Sensor Measurements**    
Suppose that our sensors detect some details about the terrain and the way our car is moving, specifically:   
* The car could be anywhere within the GPS 5m radius circle,
* The car is moving upwards on this road,
* There is a tree to the left of our car, and
* The car’s wheels are pointing to the right.
Knowing only these sensor measurements, examine the map below and answer the following quiz question.   
